The most recent major disaster took place in 1953 and saw over 300 people killed.
The Union shall coordinate the policies by which the Member States aim to achieve these objectives, and shall exercise on a Community basis the competences they confer on it.
Copyright protections may prevent some images, ringing tones, and other content from being copied, modified, transferred or forwarded.
Surplus beef and butter mountains, and milk lakes have been a thing of the past for two decades as a result of a first wave of reforms.
There 's a_lot_of discussion in the game about inflation and that is my job, to find out if inflation is going on.
Last month we bought an old double-decker bus to convert into a mobile home so that we can tour Europe in it this summer.
The information or services you have accessed are stored in the cache.
It could also include more autonomy at individual institution level for choosing teaching and research staff.
The aim is to create a framework within which universities can become stronger players in the global knowledge society and economy.
The password is stored in your device and you do not need to enter it again while you use the memory card on the same device.
The password can be up to 8 characters long.
Creating a single European market in air transport has meant lower fares and a wider choice of carriers and services for passengers.
Note, however, that switching off the device or using the offline profile does not prevent you from establishing a new wireless LAN connection.
It was not known whether changes were made by an official representative of an agency or company, but it was certain the change was made by someone with access to the organization's network.
More than half the population are regular internet users.
You can retrieve faxes from a remote fax box using fax polling, if available in the network.
The Council, acting by a qualified majority, may decide subsequently to vary or revoke measures taken under paragraph 3 in response to changes in the situation which led to their being imposed.
In March 2000, the EU adopted the " Lisbon strategy " for modernising the European economy and enabling it to compete on the world market with other major players such as the USA and the newly industrialised countries.
Freeing up the substantial reservoir of knowledge, talent and energy requires immediate, in-depth and coordinated change: from the way in which systems are regulated and managed, to the ways in which universities are governed.
Remember to drive on the left side of the road in Cyprus, Ireland, Malta and the United_Kingdom and remember that in some countries, such as Belgium, France, the Netherlands and Portugal, you normally have to give way to traffic coming from your right.
Accepted papers will be published in the workshop proceedings.
Please note that although you can see the portal pages in any of these 20 languages, most of the links within them will take readers to pages in English.
The online telephone service Skype was not working for much of the day on Thursday, leaving its 220 million users, some of them small businesses that had given up their landlines, without a way to call colleagues, customers and friends.
A pursued woman jumped from a cliff.
Select the appropriate formatting option, for_example, you can add bold, italic, and underline formatting, change the font size and color, and add bullets and borders.
We would like to congratulate you once_again on winning our first prize of a week's holiday in England.
Some applications of the device use passwords and user names to protect against unauthorized use of the Internet and its services.
Beijing urgently needs to grasp that when it comes to public safety, secrecy is never the right policy and there is no benefit in trying to go it alone.
The removal of barriers to cross-border trade and travel has increased the volume of long-distance goods and passenger transport.
The portable notebook is particularly suitable for business travellers who need to keep in touch at all times.
The European Research Area is the foundation on which this knowledge society must be built.
Truly gifted kids are almost always autodidacts.
These young people find it very difficult to sustain friendships because, having been to a large extent socially isolated at school, they have had much less practice in developing and maintaining social relationships.
We have to review systems for funding universities, to be more focused on outputs and give universities more responsibility for their own long-term financial sustainability, particularly in research.
In international organisations and at international conferences where not all the Member States participate, those which do take part shall uphold the common positions.
If our businesses are to be at the leading edge in the future, they need to invest in knowledge now and governments need to put in place the appropriate measures to help them do so.
Although many aspects of transport policy come under national governments, it makes sense for the European single market to have a single transport infrastructure.
The Union has an economic responsibility towards this sector and it aims to ensure the right conditions in which European industries can compete internationally.
Reflecting the will of the citizens and States of Europe to build a common future, this Constitution establishes the European Union, on which the Member States confer competences to attain objectives they have in common.
Always keep your hands free to operate the vehicle while driving.
The low level of private R&D expenditure in Europe in comparison with the US is mostly due to differences in industrial structure and to the smaller size of the high-tech industry in the EU.
When you switch the phone on, it may recognize the SIM card provider and configure the correct text message, multimedia message, and GPRS settings automatically.
Defense Department spokesmen repeatedly refused to release the resignation letter in November 2006.
Television is our primary source of information and entertainment.
If the entire message or words with special characters are shown incorrectly, the cause may be the used character set.
After we opened up an area where there was more zydrine (an in-game mineral), we saw that price dropped.
The bamboo floor produced by the company takes superior natural Mao bamboo of over six years as raw material, with internationally advanced new technology used and it is manufactured with material selection, material processing, whitening, dehydration, moth-proof, thermal pressing and totaled over thirty working steps.
A multimedia message can contain text, images, or sound or video clips.
Some e-mail servers may not support read reports, or the user may have turned the read receipt sending off.
Association involves close economic cooperation, combined with extensive financial support from the Community for the partner to the agreement.
As you know, we receive a large number of grant proposals, and, unfortunately, can only approve a limited number.
The management team made its decision at a meeting that lasted almost five hours.
But the difference between Sam Weller and Sam Farrow was this: the first was happy with his role, the second suffered it.
Europe needs a new approach to research in certain promising areas for our competitiveness and well-being.
European universities have enormous potential, much of which unfortunately goes untapped because_of various rigidities and hindrances.
Language not only opens doors to other cultures, it also enriches in a practical way our ability to benefit from cultural contacts when we travel or work in other countries.
When the battery charge level is too low for operation, the device switches itself off.
The papers (and the presentations) should focus on the user aspects of translation or translation-related software rather_than on theoretical issues.
However, we believe that unless you settle this part-due account now, we will be unable to honor your purchase orders in the future, perhaps at a time when you might need our products the most.
For_example, the European Social Fund supports Italy's Arturo Toscanini Foundation which, since the middle of the 1990s, has run training courses for out-of-work musicians.
Remember to make back-up copies or keep a written record of all important information.
We produce a new type of green building material - bamboo floor.
If you have a complaint, contact the airline or organiser of the package holiday.
A cache is a memory location that is used to store data temporarily.
Similarly, you can move other objects, such as pictures or autoshapes.
If you reply to an e-mail that contains attached files, the attachments are not included in the reply.
The activity pages of the European Union provide information on the 32 subject areas in which the EU is involved, covering programmes, events, and legislation.
Your service provider may need to give you additional instructions for their use and explain what charges will apply.
Though we are unable to honor your claim at this time, we suggest that you try one of our other product lines that have similar capabilities and maintenance agreements available.
Now 96% of schools are online, of which 67% percent have high-speed broadband connections.
You can travel across most of the EU without carrying a passport and without being stopped for checks at the borders.
Latvia also produces consumer goods, textiles and machine tools.
The pace of technological innovation has led to the convergence of broadcasting and telecommunications.
The liquids (including creams, gels, toothpaste, sprays, perfume) must be in individual containers with a maximum capacity of 100ml.
The ability to move people and goods quickly, efficiently and cheaply is a central tenet of the EU's goal for a dynamic economy and cohesive society.
Three times so_far rescue crews have used drills from the surface to punch into underground mine chambers where they thought miners may have taken refugee and each time they have been unable to detect signs of life.
Your device may display a message that the memory is full when you try to use a shared memory feature.
If the software package contains several language versions of the software, select the language version that you want to install.
The image is rotated clockwise by 90 degrees.
Travelling in the EU, your car insurance policy will automatically provide the minimum cover (third party liability) required by law.
Television is our primary source of information and entertainment.
Recently there has been an increased interest in the automated discovery of equivalent expressions in different languages.
" We are not targeting any villages and the operation are specifically being conducting away from populated areas, " a US spokesman said.
We would like to make a decision on this soon, so we would appreciate an early reply.
It is necessary to strengthen the protection of fundamental rights in the light of changes in society, social progress and scientific and technological developments by making those rights more visible in a Charter.
Wireless devices can cause interference in aircraft.
Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and to freedom of association at all levels, in particular in political, trade union and civic matters, which implies the right of everyone to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his or her interests.
" Media " programmes, whose aim is to make the European audiovisual sector more dynamic and more competitive, have been running since 1990.
The girl stopped, and looked him in the eyes.
To continue showing the slide show with a data projector, switch back to the slide show view.
Truly gifted kids are almost always autodidacts.
The US military has said al_Qaeda is the prime suspect for the bombings.
The purpose of the treaty was to set up a common market in coal and steel, and this formula was meant to be gradually extended to other areas of the economy. The coal and steel sectors now come under the ordinary regime of the EC Treaty.
Universities will need to adapt to the demands of a global, knowledge-based economy, just as other sectors of society and economy have to adapt.
Every time you go online the subscribed folders are updated.
Sustainable water management is vital to protect biodiversity, the well-being of citizens and the competitiveness of European industries.
The relatives of the two apologized when they were released on Monday, saying they would not rest until all the others still held captive were freed.
European universities have enormous potential, much of which unfortunately goes untapped because_of various rigidities and hindrances.
As a real economist I had to spend months trying to find data to test an economic theory but if I was wrong, I was n't sure if the theory was wrong or the data was wrong.
Researchers still come up against obstacles to career development or which prevent them from moving to do research elsewhere in the EU.
Agreements concluded by the European Union under the first pillar are binding on the institutions of the Union and the Member States; those concluded by the Union under the second and third pillars are binding on the institutions but not always on the Member States.
I was driving rather fast because I was on my way to the hospital.
Presentations accompanied by demonstrations are especially welcome.
Better generation and use of knowledge is crucial if the EU is to achieve its economic, social and environmental ambitions, as outlined in the Lisbon Strategy for Growth and Jobs.
The features which are the secret of resistance's victory in the south, have moved to this game so that the child can understand that fighting the enemy does not only require the gun.
We have to review systems for funding universities, to be more focused on outputs and give universities more responsibility for their own long-term financial sustainability, particularly in research.
The aim of the directive is to achieve a good level of water quality for all rivers, lakes, estuaries, coastal waters and groundwater in the European Union by 2015.
Educators have long debated what to do with highly gifted children.
Special effects or animation in a presentation are shown in a slide show.
It could also include more autonomy at individual institution level for choosing teaching and research staff.
The full length versions of the accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings and must be submitted by 20th October 2007.
After making brief comments, the two were taken to a military hospital for medical checks and to reunite with relatives.
If you want to store the software package file for possible reinstallation, do not select this option, or make sure that you have a copy of the software package file stored on a compatible PC or on a CD-ROM.
The Member States shall work together to enhance and develop their mutual political solidarity.
The Innovative Medicines Initiative, will support the development of new knowledge, tools and methods so that better and safer medicines can be made available more quickly.
Abstracts should be sent by post or e-mail by 13th July 2007.
In the early years, the cooperation was between six countries and mainly about trade and the economy.
Association involves close economic cooperation, combined with extensive financial support from the Community for the partner to the agreement.
The online telephone service Skype was not working for much of the day on Thursday, leaving its 220 million users, some of them small businesses that had given up their landlines, without a way to call colleagues, customers and friends.
After making brief comments, the two were taken to a military hospital for medical checks and to reunite with relatives.
You can show slide shows with a compatible data projector, or other compatible projection system.
To add a note, activate a text field by pressing the tab key, and start writing in the text field.
Freeing up the substantial reservoir of knowledge, talent and energy requires immediate, in-depth and coordinated change: from the way in which systems are regulated and managed, to the ways in which universities are governed.
The Council, acting by a qualified majority, may decide subsequently to vary or revoke measures taken under paragraph 3 in response to changes in the situation which led to their being imposed.
In the increasingly interdependent world of the 21st century, it is more necessary than ever for every European citizen to work together with people from other countries in a spirit of curiosity, openness and solidarity.
Waterfalls and lagoons are so much more than mere places to swim.
Better generation and use of knowledge is crucial if the EU is to achieve its economic, social and environmental ambitions, as outlined in the Lisbon Strategy for Growth and Jobs.
If you forward the received e-mail, attachments are included.
Local residents said dozens of families have fled the area and three villages had been bombed by US and Afghan forces and up to 30 civilians had been killed in the fighting.
The "secondary legislation" is the third major source of Community law after the treaties (primary legislation) and international agreements.
As a result, trucks can operate in countries other than their own, so that they no longer return empty on international journeys.
Last month we bought an old double-decker bus to convert into a mobile home so that we can tour Europe in it this summer.
There is so much for the traveller to discover and all this has been made much easier thanks to the European Union.
Presentations accompanied by demonstrations are especially welcome.
The policy of the Union in accordance with this Article shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States and shall respect the obligations of certain Member States, which see their common defence realised in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), under the North Atlantic Treaty and be compatible with the common security and defence policy established within that framework.
The Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom Treaty) was signed in Rome on 25 March 1957 and came into force on 1 January 1958.
Each activity is a subject area, such as agriculture, environment or research, in which the EU manages programmes, organises events or passes legislation.
An official at the Christian church in the suburb of Seoul that sent the group to Afghanistan said neither it nor the relatives holding vigil there had any comments.
This call for papers invites abstracts of papers to be presented at the conference.
To move the text field inside the slide, select the text field with the tab key, and press the scroll key left, right, up, or down.
In a world dominated by digital technology, a reliable and accessible IT infrastructure is today required by companies of all sizes across almost all industries, including medical practices, law firms, architects' offices, insurance brokers, freelancers and small retail outlets – as well as branch offices of larger companies.
Open frontiers and affordable transport have given Europeans unprecedented levels of personal mobility.
Universities are power-houses of knowledge generation.
If the battery is totally discharged, it may take a few minutes before the charging indicator is shown.
There is also speculation that the Bank of Japan could raise interest rates next week, despite the problems on the market.
A green card is not obligatory when travelling in the EU but it serves as internationally recognised proof of insurance and it makes it easier to settle claims arising from an accident.
The aim of the Euratom Treaty was to coordinate the research programmes already undertaken or planned by the Member States for the peaceful use of nuclear energy. This treaty has now in a sense been absorbed into the EC Treaty.
Creating a single European market in air transport has meant lower fares and a wider choice of carriers and services for passengers.
Rescuers dug through the rubble throughout Wednesday in scenes reminiscent of an earthquake zone.
The bamboo floor produced by the company takes superior natural Mao bamboo of over six years as raw material, with internationally advanced new technology used and it is manufactured with material selection, material processing, whitening, dehydration, moth-proof, thermal pressing and totaled over thirty working steps.
We produce a new type of green building material - bamboo floor.
The Council may request the Commission to submit to it any appropriate proposals relating to the common foreign and security policy to ensure the implementation of a joint action.
If there is a change in circumstances having a substantial effect on a question subject to joint action, the Council shall review the principles and objectives of that action and take the necessary decisions.
We have to review systems for funding universities, to be more focused on outputs and give universities more responsibility for their own long-term financial sustainability, particularly in research.
With the back of the device facing you, press the back cover release button, and slide the cover in the direction of the arrows.
You can cross many borders within the EU without being checked and the euro makes it easier to shop around for bargains.
You can send documents, images, and other files as e-mail attachments.
As a real economist I had to spend months trying to find data to test an economic theory but if I was wrong, I wasn't sure if the theory was wrong or the data was wrong.
In addition, climate change also makes storm surges both more likely and increasingly unpredictable.
Calls to other Skype members are free.
I have three little boys now, but I don't have a house, because it fell down.
She has made friends at the academy and at the university, where this summer she completed a precalculus course so that she can take college calculus in the fall.
Consolidation consists of incorporating into a single text, with no official authenticity, a basic instrument (a Treaty or piece of Community legislation) and the amendments and corrections subsequently made to it.
Accepted papers will be published in the workshop proceedings.
The Union is a single institutional framework which shall ensure the consistency and the continuity of the activities carried out in order to attain its objectives while respecting and building upon the acquis communautaire.
The threat of flooding is slowly increasing as time passes.
The Union shall coordinate the policies by which the Member States aim to achieve these objectives, and shall exercise on a Community basis the competences they confer on it.
One of the proposals is to allow students to make use of national loans and grants wherever in the EU they decide to study or do research .
As with any other radio transmitting device, do not touch the antenna unnecessarily when the device is switched on.
Groups want to make neighborhoods comfortable places for elderly people not interested in assisted living.
He wore stout nailed boots and canvas gaiters that rose to encase Norfolk breeches of heavy flannel.
These are always agreements concluded between subjects of international law (Member States or organisations) for the purpose of establishing cooperation at international level.
The conference series attracts a wide audience which includes translators, business managers, researchers and language experts.
Although in the majority of EU countries the maximum permitted blood alcohol level is 0.5mg/ml, in others it varies between 0.2 mg/ml and 0.8 mg/ml (0.9mg/ml in Cyprus) and some countries do not allow any alcohol in the blood while driving.
The 14-year-old not only has the looks of a South American model but is also one of the brightest kids of her generation.
The camera lens is on the back of the device, and the display of the cover phone works as a viewfinder.
We hope that you find this site useful and informative.
Cooperation agreements do not have the same scope as association agreements, in that they are concerned only with intensive economic cooperation.
The goal of the workshop is to provide the participants with an opportunity to exchange ideas, approaches and implementations of computational systems, to highlight the common challenges faced by all practitioners, to assess the state of the art in the field, and to identify promising areas for future collaborative research.
Always switch the device off and disconnect the charger before removing the battery.
This will be a platform for consumers to experience their favorite commercials or find out more information about a product.
This workshop will bring together researchers working on a broad range of problems related to the management of multilingual lexical resources - their acquisition, maintenance, customization, and re-use.
Family members of the other hostages gathered at the church to watch TV broadcasts of the return and burst into applause when they saw the two freed captives appear for the first time.
Europe is a continent with many different traditions and languages, but also with shared values such as democracy, freedom and social justice.
If you delete an e-mail from your device when offline, the e-mail will be deleted from the remote mailbox the next time you connect to the mailbox.
The most recent major disaster took place in 1953 and saw over 300 people killed.
You can open, edit, and save documents created with Microsoft Word for Windows versions 97 and later.
I am writing to apologise for the damage I caused to you shop window last Saturday.
Do not use the device on when wireless phone use is prohibited or when it may cause interference or danger.
Looking tense and tired, and with their heads held low, the two showed no signs of joy or relief.
Wireless devices can cause interference in aircraft.
The legal instruments associated with the second and third pillars, which do not, strictly speaking, form part of secondary legislation since they continue to be governed by intergovernmental relations, have been included in this category for reasons of proper documentation.
Special effects or animation in a presentation are shown in a slide show.
This site is divided into three sections to facilitate access to legislation, activity reports, brochures, audio-visual material, internal documents, archives, etc.
Once the domain of the prevailing Nez Perce tribe, the remnants of their presence are scattered throughout this wilderness, as well as those of white settlers traveling through on their way to the West. 
We get a few people coming in for a coffee on the way to work. 
Which also means that kind Peeta Mellark, the boy who gave me the bread, is fighting hard to kill me. 
The saddle was adapted to the two hunting weapons in common use on the Argentine plains the BOLAS and the LAZO. 
Well, you see, my dear Paganel, unless you have the gift of ubiquity you can't be in two places at once. 
Any sign of danger, a distant howl, the inexplicable break of a branch, sent me flying back to the fence at first. 
This meteor soon began to move forward, turning over and over on itself with dizzy rapidity, and sweeping up into its center a column of water from the lake, while its gyratory motions made all the surrounding currents of air rush toward it. 
Fish caught in the sea a few yards off, cooked in five minutes in these all but boiling waters, a fact which made Paganel resolve not to attempt to bathe in them. 
My, my, my how I do love you! And with that she wrapped herself around him again. 
Papa smiled, reached the back of his fingers to Mack's face, and ever so gently wiped his tear-tracked cheeks. 
The darkness was still very great, though some grayish streaks were already visible on the eastern summits. 
Dalton took Mack aside and explained. If what you say is correct, then we have to assume that Missy's assailant left it here on purpose. 
Instead of the Pacific, the Atlantic stretched itself out before them, and there was scarcely a shade of difference in the waves of the two oceans. 
Effie Trinket crosses back to the podium, smoothes the slip of paper, and reads out the name in a clear voice. 
A succession of low hills rich in dust, a long stretch of what they call in Australia " bush," several prairies covered with a small prickly bush, considered a great dainty by the ovine tribe, embraced many miles. 
Or simply because it was the only decent thing to do. 
Nabbs, Robert Grant, Tom Austin, Wilson, and Mulrady, stood armed with carbines and Colt's revolvers. 
" Are you traveling alone?"" Yes, alone; the Reverend Paxton put me in charge of Jeffries Smith; but unfortunately the poor man was killed." 
The first thing I do is dig out my own glasses and put them on, which relaxes me a little, to have at least one of my hunter's senses working. 
Although time related to business functionality are likely to also observe the time shift for the local time zone, there may be situations where data is not displayed in legal time.
Depending on where a term set is created, its scope can be local or global:
All participating ActivExpression devices display the opening screen showing the Promethean logo.
Defining Work Calendar
Display the page for which you want to change the drawing scale.
Cut, copy, paste, duplicate and delete pages
Select the operator (+, -, ./., x, random) from the dropdown list. 
On the Animations tab, in the Advanced Animation group, click Animation Painter.
The exact age of each element of debt that is less than 180 days old would be shown as a separate line item in the aged debt information.
If you download an add-in or if a co-worker or friend sends you an add-in, you can save it to your computer and then install the add-in by adding it to the Available Add-Ins list.
Defining User Groups
Also note, if enabled, users can use the {14364}Switch Language Zone{14365} to switch to another supported language real time.
The Show Question Results button is activated.
To see how the changes affect the whole drawing, display the background page in one window and the page that it is assigned to in another window.
Plan search features to help users find content 
Intervene to help a struggling learner without disrupting the session.
Individually or in blocks with the Self-Paced Question Set Wizard.
The Page Setup dialog appears.
After you've approved the root object(s), submit the {66200} {66201}CL-APPCH{66202} {66203} batch process to change your target database.
The Pause and Abort buttons in the 'Self-Paced Assessment Results' window are deactivated.
After you've approved the root object(s) associated with the algorithms that you want copied, submit the CL-APPCH batch process to cause your target database to be changed.
If the response was correct. 
To copy a shape, hold down the CTRL key and drag to create a copy.
Duplicate animations with the animation painter
{14986}Ad hoc value.{14987} Characteristics of this type do not have their valid values defined in a discreet list because the possible values are infinite.
We recommend that site administrators create a permissions strategy that supports the goals for the sites and site collection.
To cancel the selection of one of several selected shapes, hold down SHIFT and click the specific shape.
In the Add-Ins dialog box, click Add New.
Say, for example, that you have a site collection with many sites.
You could set up a search scope.
By using blogs and wikis to capture and share this knowledge as it evolves, you can help transfer the learning throughout the organization.
If a term set is still under development, for example, you might choose to make in unavailable for tagging.
The state of Tasmania starts daylight savings time on the first Sunday in October, rather than the last.
Enter the default {78188}Quote Route Type{78189} to be used to define how quotes should be routed to a customer.
Display the page for which you want to change the drawing scale.
Randomise the questions, so that each learner receives all questions in a different order from their neighbours.
There are two types of date / time fields stored on entities that capture interval data:
Term sets can be created and managed through a feature called the Term Store Management Tool.
Managed terms are typically pre-defined and organized into a hierarchical term set by a Term Store Administrator or another person with permissions to work with managed metadata. 
If you do not develop a permissions strategy, you may find that permissions management becomes a time-consuming activity and that it provokes user frustration.
Before you begin using the SharePoint Online Administration Center, we recommend you read Step 1: Plan to manage SharePoint Online by using the Administration Center.
After the key stakeholders in the organization agree upon the required term sets, you can use the Term Store Management Tool to import or create your term sets and to manage and maintain the term sets as users begin working with the metadata.
An enterprise keyword is a word or phrase that is added to items on a site.
How many questions they answered incorrectly at each level.
Term sets can be configured to be closed, which means that users cannot add new terms to them when they are entering a value for a column that is mapped to the term set.
Individual performance.
The drawing shows the new settings.
Enter the Application Service ID to which the group has access.
Use the {78080}Premise Geo Type{78081} to indicate whether at least one geographic identifier (e.g., GPS coordinate) is {78082} {78083}Required{78084} {78085} or {78086} {78087}Optional{78088} {78089} on a premise.
Monitor site collection storage 
As site users work with sites and site contents, their skills and knowledge will grow.
If a time zone or a particular entity type related to business functionality does not observe a time shift, the seasonal time shift record linked to the entity contains no schedule of the shift.
How many questions they answered correctly at each level.
Alternate representations are typically only used in countries where multiple character sets are used.
To remove the background shape, click Backgrounds and then click the No Background option.
The width and height of the selected shape appear in the status bar at the bottom of the Visio window.
To change the width or length of a shape, select the shape.
If a term set is still under development, for example, you might choose to make in unavailable for tagging.
Designing Time Zones
Turn on {78244}Use Sequential Bill Numbers{78245} if you require a system-assigned unique {78246}sequential{78247} number for each bill in addition to the Bill Id, which is a system-assigned {78248}random{78249} number used as the bill's primary identifier.
Edit a custom background or watermark
Use the {30871}Application Service{30872} search to restrict the application services displayed in the grid.
Windows 7 and Vista  C:\Users\Username\Appdata\Roaming\Microsoft\Templates
You can set a different drawing scale for each page in your drawing.
You can also create a search scope that includes several other scopes. 
If you choose to make a term set unavailable for tagging, then it will not be visible to most users.
In this case, you need to tell the system the {14232}Sequence{14233} in which they should execute.
Making profiles work for you
Click Apply to save your changes and update the drawing page. 
Drag the control handle.
When to use MUI, variations, or both features 
Add a PowerPoint add-in
Enter the default {78184}Bill Route Type{78185} to be used to define how bills should be routed to a customer.
No responses have been received yet.
There are two types of terms:
This is a bit of a "hack", but it might prove useful for a variety of functions.
If a term set has been configured to be open, and the managed metadata column for it allows fill-in values, you may have the option to add a new term to a term set.
In Japan, a person's name may be written in both Kanji and Katakana.
Groups define security boundaries.
Searching By Characteristic Values
You could define the keyword “training” and the names of your internal tools with the URL of the site that contains the information.
See each response as soon as it has been sent.
If you change this field's option and you don't want to wait for the cache to rebuild, you must clear the cached information so it will be immediately rebuilt using current information.
Enter the default {78180}Account Relationship Type Code{78181} to be used to define the main customer relationship.
For Multiple Choice questions, select the number of possible answers.
By default, a user sees the system in their default language (which is defined on their {14362}user record{14363}).
If you start to approach your allocated storage limit, you have three options: 
Generally it is your company name.
Applying metadata
Let's use the US time zones as an example.
Cut, copy, paste, duplicate and delete pages
In this article 
Group questions in sets of up to 9 levels of difficulty.
About profiles
After you have populated the "copy algorithms" DB processes in your target database, you can override their {66216} table rules{66217} to edit the list of algorithms that will be copied.
If you do not develop a permissions strategy, you may find that permissions management becomes a time-consuming activity and that it provokes user frustration.
Because users can typically add any word or phrase to an item as a keyword, enterprise keywords can be used for folksonomy-style tagging.
To select one shape:
Change the order of questions by moving questions up or down, or by shuffling them.
The question level, where 1 is the easiest and 9 the most difficult.
If you do not develop a permissions strategy, you may find that permissions management becomes a time-consuming activity and that it provokes user frustration.
A flag on the characteristic type allows an administrator to indicate if searching by this characteristic type is allowed or not allowed.
Set the {78126}CTI Integration{78127} flag to {78128} {78129}Yes{78130} {78131} if your organization integrates with an external computer telephony integration (CTI) system that supports a "get next caller in the queue" function.
Press CTRL+A to select the entire body of the message.
The question text is displayed.
After you move the shape where you want it, release the mouse button.
Plan to capture process knowledge
ActivExpression devices, or ActivEngage clients
Paste the current results into the flipchart
Insert one or more questions.
Important!  If an application service supports actions that modify the database other than Add, Change, and Delete; you must provide the user with Change access in addition to the other access rights.
Press CTRL+C to copy the contents to the Windows clipboard.
Plug the ActivHub into your computer and check that its green light is flashing.
Question text.
You can also specify if you want the term set to be available for tagging.
Australia has the following time zone considerations:
Plan search features to help users find content
Group and ungroup shapes
At any time after this, the new administrator can start to manage user permissions.
Using the MUI feature, the English speaker can switch the Chinese site’s UI to English and more easily interact with the site.
Regular maintenance can help enhance the user experience on sites and help guarantee that site collections run at peak efficiency.
Turn on {14396}Language Enable{14397} if the system should add a row for this language whenever a row is added in another language.
Plan for lists and libraries with many items 
To remove the background shape, click Backgrounds and then click the No Background option.
Question Generator
Insert pages into your flipchart
Monitor site collection storage 
Paste one or more results graphs into the current flipchart page.
How is the Bluetooth connection established between a compatible phone and the Wireless Clip-on Headset?
In situations where there is no formal system set up or you have a one-time project to track, you can use this KPI and enter the criteria manually. This KPI is useful for displaying information that is communicated in e-mail or some other nonstructured system.
You cannot use AutoPreview in a Microsoft Mail shared folder.
Why can't I process potential duplicate records as part of importing records?
Use this form to set up value assignments for route operation fields. The Sadalijums: section at the top of the form indicates whether the value of the current field will be determined by a variable or by a value.
Tracks sign-in attempts for security purposes. The logged information is not linked with personal information unless you call customer support to request assistance.
CBRes.DLL
Derived action
Nice, now you can work at the ¤%g¤!
For example, start by collapsing all of the Level 1 entries.
The applications use shared memory, see on page.
Analog Clock (,/* MENU_FRONT_LCD_SETTINGS */)
laptop
Outlook takes the guesswork out of setting up meetings and coordinating schedules.
The first row of your worksheet should contain column headings. Leave the first cell blank. Label the remaining cells with the periods of time you wish to track, such as months or quarters. For example, you may want to enter “Jan-05” in cell B1.
settings headset default profile selecting enhancement
Zimbabwean
Background optimizations (prefetching) took longer to complete, resulting in a performance degradation in the system start up process:
Report on movement of goods in storehouse
Scroll to a Configuration message, and press the scroll key.
Next automatic run:
No such property.
A check mark ( 3 ) icon is molded into it.
2009 calendars
Use devices connected to the PCMCIA ports.
WCS Gamut Mapping Profiles
For instance, you might want to keep ads for a competitor from appearing alongside your excerpts.
This helps you maintain a high level of stability and protection.
Yes, it's easier to identify and block workbooks that contain unwanted code or macros. But there's more. Give it another try.
The local device name is already in use.
Number of items counted.
If you use the same name and the database is compacted successfully, Access automatically replaces the original file with the compacted version.
A form can run with Full Trust only if the form template is digitally signed with a trusted root certificate or if the form template was installed on the user's computer by using an installation program such as Microsoft Windows Installer (.msi file).
Quantity: Inventory quantity, Balance: Amount
The airport can be a risky place for your laptop.
Virginia
Author (can read and create items)
Currently out of the office: %1
Changing the Player size and display mode
Synchronizing all database contents between the device and the server
Use this form of the LOOKUP function when you want to specify the range that contains the values you want to match.
Clear Picture & Video, (DS_CLEAR_PICTURE)
A pallet can be any container, box, or pallet used for storage or transport of items.
Limit of 5 conversations reached. Please close one and try again
time fence
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server.
Primary Capability
You can also reset some menu settings to their default values.
Additional information that enables students to explore a topic further can be found throughout the lesson text.
The volume license on this machine could not be validated and %1 will no longer work.
CTRL+SHIFT+: (COLON)
Press Back, and then Exit to exit the phone book and to return to the standby mode.
Worksheet created by Microsoft Office Excel,Microsoft Office Excel Worksheet,Excel.exe, picture
Decimal
The given value must be a site
When you create a border for a cell or a range of cells, you don’t have to apply the border to all four sides.
You must start and configure the Office SharePoint Server 2007 Search service on at least one of your front-end servers. This service provides search and indexing services. You can start and configure this service on any type of server, including a server that acts in any of the following ways:
You may be able to find information about this file type there.
Windows BitLocker Drive Encryption Step-by-Step Guide
In the Isolation modesection, clear the Run WWW service in IIS 5.0 isolation modecheck box, and then click OK.
Complex Scripts
Activation will be notified (LABEL_DRM_NOTIFY_KEY)
Notes you take on a handheld computer can be uploaded to programs in Office 2003 Editions as text. Write directly in Word and save your work as a handwritten document or convert it to text or typed characters.
Go Ba&ck Online
Managing policy servers
Occasionally stretch the muscles in your hands, arms, shoulders, neck and back.
He then arrived on set in the back of a jeep.
This lesson also introduces the Auto Complete feature for sending mobile messages.
If you choose this option, the Windows Collaboration session name can only contain up to 15 characters.
By using Report view, you can browse an accurate rendering of your report without having to print or display it in Print Preview.
When the printer has thoroughly dried, reconnect the power cord to the back of the printer.
This feature can be used with both and at the same time.
One branch: Click the head of the branch you want to select, then click Branch.
> Press the centre buttonto store your clock and calendar options (Beo4:
Before you start communicating with another IR device, you need to ensure that:
Use the printer driver that the wizard selected
adding text and graphics
Error: Unable to save document to '0'. The file has been modified by another user. Enter a different file name.
Remote Terminal Services monitoring/management
Your employees can share, access, modify and save their most recent files in a security-enhanced, central location.
Go Ba&ck Online
A Parts Book will help you identify parts and order them from your JCB distributor.
Is a full-function server operating system that supports up to eight processors.
If your computer needs a new font do display text written in a specific language, Internet Explorer can download the font automatically.
printing - multifunction/all-in-one - hp care pack services - HP Services
After you click Column, you'll see a number of column chart types to choose from. Click Clustered Column, the first column chart in the 2-D Column list. A ScreenTip displays the chart type name when you rest the pointer over any chart type. The ScreenTip also provides a description of the chart type and gives you information about when to use each one.
If you want the label to update when the properties for this document or item are updated, do not select this check box.
To find out if your computer has Trusted Platform Module (TPM) security hardware
string expression: Any expression that evaluates to a sequence of contiguous characters. Elements of the expression can include: a function that returns a string or a string Variant (VarType 8); a string literal, constant, variable, or Variant</.
Proofing options
To prevent drying of these substances to the product immerse it in a container filled with distilled or demineralized water.
This address appears in logs for administrators of the servers containing start addresses, so that those administrators can contact someone if the impact of crawling on their performance and bandwidth is too high, or other issues occur.
Click here to save the current search as a search folder.
The given value must be a site
You're better off because you'll know what not to do.
&Use only certified plug-ins
Capturing images
There is a line of ships at the 'Boddenrandschwelle' that were scuttled by the Swedish Navy in 1715 to form a barrier to other ships wanting to enter the bay.
Path or file name for graphic loaded into a button or image control
Percentage of Sql calls the Queueing system had to retry per day
Placeholder and sample text are used consistently within the template and meet legal naming guidelines
Collecting cancelled.
Hebrew (DOS)
For most books this will be: front cover / book matter / back cover.
Use a PC to go to
Could not addRmember:
You can, for example, view the recipient or sender of the message or view the details of the message.
Should you customize an existing menu or create a new one?
For example, start by collapsing all of the Level 1 entries.
dark brown Samoa
Microsoft’s Dave Johnson describes how to convert your photographs to digital pictures using a scanner.
hbn_Understanding certificates and keys (Control access to your files and folders)
Add the recipients.
Primary Capability
Use Search to access internet search engines and to find and connect to local services, websites, images, and mobile content.
Browsermenü
Refer also to the operating instructions for your telephone system.
Author (can read and create items)
A_display_print_settings
Microsoft CRM shortens sales cycles and improve customer loyalty by automating day-to-day tasks for sales, customer service, field service, call center, and marketing professionals with Microsoft Business Solutions for Customer Relationship Management Web-enabled modules.
You are about to remove the following permission policy levels: ^1 Are you sure?
Displays the vendor's Kreditors.
Worksheet created by Microsoft Office Excel,Microsoft Office Excel Worksheet,Excel.exe, picture
Click the icon to drop down the install state menu for each feature.
Great Outlook Calendar features to make time work for you2_5
The file %1 could not be copied. The device is either missing or in use.
Human resources
Do you want to delete the supplier?
Include currency symbols
Click Next to learn more about these steps toward automatic linking.
Greek (Windows-1253)
If an image in 1024², into which a contour is drawn, is recalculated to an image matrix of 512², the contour may be lost.
If you don't do anything, the notification will fade away on its own after a few seconds.
increment control
Light horizontal
Acquisition device is on-line and is named, for example, “ICU BED2”.
displayname
No, the Nokia Bluetooth Display Car Kit CK-15W supports the voice dialing function of the compatible mobile phone.
Tap, all capital letters
Reliable Multicast Protocol
Re-enter the OID.
Press and hold the end key to stop navigation while the navigation map is displayed.
The security settings help protect your phone against harmful Java applications that may use the functions of your phone without your permission.
If you insert a Date field into the main document and then press ALT+F9, you see this:
Number of items counted.
You cannot change serial number of the product, since it is in assembly phase already (assembled numbers entered).
Or:
KEYS TO ALIGN THE SHIPS JoyStick UP / Key 2 - Move up JoyStick DOWN / Key 8 - Move down JoyStick LEFT / Key
Multichannel Analog DIN Jack
Newsgroups and web-based forums allow you to participate in text-based discussions with a community of other people who are interested in the same topic.
You can use the audit trail functionality to view all ledger account transactions in chronological order, and to identify the user who posted each transaction and the time of the transaction.
%s would like to send the following folder and its contents to your computer through an infrared link: Folder: %s Do you want to accept this folder and its contents?
On the Review tab, in the Tracking group, click Balloons.
You agree to comply with all applicable
In the list box, select the form or menu to which you want to grant access, for example, Pamata funkcionalitate > Uzzinas > Analizes skatijumi, and then select the appropriate permission under Piekluves tiesibas.
For Windows Vista users
%1 is trying to use the network. This will use airtime and may result in charges
When everything is ready, select Dummy_DT Dummy_DT .
The volume key can be used for redial and voice tag activation, when supported by a compatible phone.
Connectivity Cable DKU-2
Create an alert for a folder, file, or list item
Printing Received Documents
Why not personalise your new phone with a new ringtone or wallpaper, or download a great new game?
Current Percent
Temperature notification:
Black ink cartridge not correctly installed.
If you deactivate a relationship role, the records linked with a relationship based on that relationship role remain linked.
Great approach if the worksheet you're merging from has just one or maybe two number columns, such as prices or dates
The packing unit quantity is used to calculate the packaging material weights and/or packaging material fees.
Each Customer outlet must have telecommunications adapters for connecting to IBM's systems for remote delivery of the Services.
The FileName field gives you a way to automatically update the path if you have moved the document.
The following describes the four folders and the items you may find in each folder:
Number of books
Select the users and groups for which you want to specify rights
This exercise will help you see how that can work.
On the Design tab, in the Table Style Options group, do one of the following:
Start MSN Messenger. Click the arrow for more options.
Vernier Caliper The Vernier Caliper can be used for measuring length, outside diameter, inside diameter and depth with a precision of 0.05mm. Instructions for measuring: Close the jaws completely. Make sure that the part fits accurately between the jaws. Fix the vernier with the stopper screw to make measurement reading easier.
Recheck for oil leaks
Close ports B and C, then apply vacuum to port A
Charcoal Canister The charcoal canister prevents evaporated gas from the fuel tank from escaping into the atmosphere. When the check valve sticks, it stops operating correctly causing the evaporated gas to be released into the atmosphere.
Use a micrometer to measure disc thickness.
Specification of Nuts & Bolts
#CLICK_SCORE_BUTTON_TEXT#
Hard to change gears
Lift Position 7 - Brake System
Products: Aygo
Drum-in-disc brake
Preview – Work Safety
Raising the customer satisfaction level drops your own satisfaction level, due to the required actions. Therefore, it is important to be aware of your own satisfaction.
Which one of the following statements concerning the basic job responsibilities of a technician leader is correct?
Camry, Corolla, Hiace, Hilux, Vios, Innova, Fortuner, Engines
Inspect the entire circumference of the drive belt for wear, cracks, delamination or other damage. If it is not possible to inspect the entire circumference of the belt, inspect the belt by turning the crankshaft pulley in the direction of the engine rotation.
V12 Periodic Maintenance 4
Products: Engines
Products: Forged parts
Place the radiator cap on the radiator and close firmly.
Close port C, then apply vacuum to port A
Using a measuring scale, inspect whether the clutch pedal height falls within the standard figures.
For your own safety: Wear safety shoes. Wear a hair band or a cap to prevent injuries to yourself caused by thorn hair. Wear clean work clothes. Wear a buckle-less belt. Do not wear rings or watches (electrical conductors). Keep your hands clean when at work.
Which one of the following statements regarding TOYOTA Quality Service activities is correct?
Increasing customer satisfaction helps the dealership prosper. Sales will rise due to customer retention enabling the dealership to make more profit. Technicians are rewarded for increased customer satisfaction which leads to better job satisfaction for technicians.
Motomachi Plant
Engine oil level check
This section explains why maintenance is necessary for the items carried out at Lift Positions 1, 2 and 3.
5. At the end, use a torque wrench to check the tightening torque.
Used to measure parts in a confined space.
why
The technician leader performs the final inspection and checks the job is done by the highest quality. Afterwards the technician leader reports the completion or delay of the job to the controller. When there is a delay the controller determines the most efficient way to handle the delay and tells the service advisor promptly.
Drive shaft boots
2. Depress pedal several times
Cooling System
Toyota delivers 13 millionth units in Europe++Second generation Prius wins 2005 European Car of the Year award
Tighten Wheels
Can be used to apply impact to a fixed screw.
License plate illumination
Location: Mishuku, Susono City, Shizuoka Prefecture
Products: Crown, Brevis, Progr?s, Mark X, Mark II Blit
Inspection of the auto adjuster operation
Image [3] shows the service reception process, in which the Technician estimates the cost of the repair.
Products: Aluminium wheels
Brake booster
Understanding the technician’s role
Use either the hot or cold range depending on the fluid temperature.
Lift Position 3 - Exhaust Inspect damage and installed condition of: Exhaust pipes Muffler O-rings of the exhaust mounts Gaskets Exhaust leak Inspect the exhaust pipe connections for exhaust leaks by observing the presence of any soot around the connections.
Can be used in combination with a socket, an extension bar and so on. (2)
The workshop must be a safe environment where technicians can do their job without the risk of injuries and without the risk of damage to customer vehicles. This can be guaranteed by following a few basic rules, which are described in this section.
Handling Nuts & Bolts
Sales in Europe
If the vacuum valve breaks, air cannot be drawn into the tank to compensate for the fuel used. A partial vacuum is created in the tank causing the tank to deform.
Tools and measuring instruments should be positioned so that they can be accessed easily when needed, and stored at their correct locations once used.
Periodic Maintenance – Lift Position 1:
Transmission and Differential Gear oil used for transmissions and differentials deteriorates during usage. If the gear oil is not changed at the prescribed interval, oxidants are formed which accelerate the wear of various parts. Gear oil does not decrease in volume with mileage. Any reduction in the oil volume indicates an oil leak. Inspect/change the gear oil according to the mileage or amount of time elapsed. It is difficult to judge the level of deterioration by visual inspection. Refer to the maintenance schedule of the respective model to determine the replacement interval. Gear oil is classified by API and SAE ratings. Fill with the prescribed amount of oil. If the prescribed amount of oil is not used, damage to the internal parts will occur. Refer to the Owner's manual for the correct oil quantity and oil quality.
Lubrication performance decreases
The engine oil filter should be removed with a normal wrench.
Incomplete disengaging
Type 2: clearance adjuster by operation of the parking brake lever.
Engine Oil
(3) Install the brake drum.
Manufacturing Plants for Toyota vehicles are located only in Japan, with the head office in Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture.
Drum brakes
1. Apply disc brake grease to the anti-squeal shim and install the shim on the brake pad.
Driving Conditions
Latin America Manufacturing Plants
High speed driving
V7 Purpose of Periodic Maintenance
Drive belt slippage decreases the wear of the belt.
Tightening inspection: The tightening inspection covers all fixations of suspension, steering, exhaust etc.
Install the brake fluid changer: Poor out some brake fluid from the brake master cylinder reservoir tank. Install the brake fluid changer.
Vehicles that are frequently used on dusty, rough, or muddy roads can be serviced according to normal service intervals.
Wheel Installation
